iconography	4
symbolic representation, especially the conventional meanings attached to an image or images.
subject matter in the visual arts, especially with reference to the conventions regarding the treatment of a subject in artistic representation.
the study or analysis of subject matter and its meaning in the visual arts; iconology.
a representation or a group of representations of a person, place, or thing, as a portrait or a collection of portraits.
idea	2
any conception existing in the mind as a result of mental understanding, awareness, or activity.
a groundless supposition; fantasy.
jab	3
a short, quick punch.
a poke with the end or point of something; a sharp, quick thrust.
to poke, or thrust abruptly or sharply, as with the end or point of a stick.
junior	4
younger (designating the younger of two men bearing the same full name, as a son named after his father; often written as Jr. or jr. following the name).
of more recent appointment or admission, as to an office or status; of lower rank or standing.
(in American universities, colleges, and schools) noting or pertaining to the class or year next below that of the senior.
being smaller than the usual size.
kill	4
to deprive of life in any manner; cause the death.
to destroy or neutralize the active qualities.
Informal. to overcome completely or with irresistible effect.
to cause (time) to be consumed with seeming rapidity or with a minimum of boredom, especially by engaging in some easy activity or amusement of passing interest.
Kumon	1
a method of teaching mathematics, reading, and languages in which students start at a level of work at which they have a firm grasp of facts and concepts and then, working at their own pace in an individualized study programme of problem-solving on worksheets, progress by small steps to more advanced levels of knowledge.
lost	4
no longer to be found.
not used to good purpose, as opportunities, time, or labor; wasted.
destroyed or ruined.
ending in or attended with defeat.
loverly	1
like, characteristic of, or in the manner of a lover; loverlike.
murder	3
Law. the killing of another human being under conditions specifically covered in law. In the U.S., special statutory definitions include murder committed with malice aforethought, characterized by deliberation or premeditation or occurring during the commission of another serious crime, as robbery or arson (first-degree murder) and murder by intent but without deliberation or premeditation (second-degree murder).
Slang. something extremely difficult or perilous.
a group or flock of crows.
mater	1
the backing holding the movable parts of an astrolabe.
nurse	6
a person formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or infirm.
a woman who has the general care of a child or children; dry nurse.
a woman employed to suckle an infant; wet nurse.
any fostering agency or influence.
Entomology. a worker that attends the young in a colony of social insects.
Billiards. the act of maintaining the position of billiard balls in preparation for a carom.
nuclear	3
pertaining to or involving atomic weapons.
operated or powered by atomic energy.
of, relating to, or forming a nucleus.
oil	3
any of a large class of substances typically unctuous, viscous, combustible, liquid at ordinary temperatures, and soluble in ether or alcohol but not in water: used for anointing, perfuming, lubricating, illuminating, heating, etc.
refined or crude petroleum.
an oilskin garment.
own	2
of, relating to, or belonging to oneself or itself (usually used after a possessive to emphasize the idea of ownership, interest, or relation conveyed by the possessive).
(used as an intensifier to indicate oneself as the sole agent of some activity or action, preceded by a possessive).
punch	3
to strike or hit in operating.
a thrusting blow, especially with the fist.
Baseball. to hit (the ball) with a short, chopping motion rather than with a full swing.
python	1
any of several Old World boa constrictors of the subfamily Pythoninae, often growing to a length of more than 20 feet (6 meters): the Indian python, Python molurus, is endangered.
quality	2
high grade
excellence
return	3
make a reply
to go or come back
done or occurring again
sick	2
afflicted with ill health 
disease
temperature	1
the degree of heat in a living body
unfair	1
not conforming to approved standards, as of justice, honesty
view	2
sight
watch
water	1
this liquid obtained from a mineral spring
xray	1
a form of electromagnetic radiation
youth	2
the time of being young
the appearance, freshness, vigor, spirit(characteristic of one who is young.)
zero	3
the figure or symbol 0
a mathematical value intermediate between positive and negative values
the origin of any kind of measurement
mistake	2
an error or blunder in action, opinion, or judgment
a misconception or misunderstanding
pretty	3
pleasing or appealing in a delicate or graceful way
dainty, neat, or charming
commendable; good of its kind: he replied with a pretty wit
awesome	2
inspiring or displaying awe
(slang) excellent or outstanding
outstanding	3
superior; excellent; distinguished
prominent, remarkable, or striking
still in existence; unsettled, unpaid, or unresolved
algorithm	2
a logical arithmetical or computational procedure that if correctly applied ensures the solution of a problem Compare heuristic
(logic, maths) a recursive procedure whereby an infinite sequence of terms can be generated
chore	1
a job or piece of work that is often boring or unpleasant but needs to be done regularly.
chastise	1
to criticize someone severely.
ceremony	1
formal acts, often fixed and traditional, performed on important social or religious occasions.
altitude	2
the height of anything above a given planetary reference plane, especially above sea level on earth.
(Geometrically)the perpendicular distance from the vertex of a figure to the side opposite the vertex.
anonymous	1
without any name acknowledged.
anthology	1
a book or other collection of selected writings by various authors, usually in the same literary form, of the same   period, or on the same subject.
approach	3
a way of considering or doing something.
to deal with something.
to come near or nearer to something or someone in space, time, quality, or amount.
arithmetic	1
the part of mathematics that involves the adding and multiplying, etc. of numbers.
authority	2
a group of people with official responsibility for a particular area of activity.
an expert on a subject.
backlog	1
a large number of things that you should have done before and must do now.
barrier	2
a gate in some railway stations through which you must go to get on a train.
anything that prevents people from being together or understanding each other.
beam	3
a line of light that shines from a bright object.
to smile with obvious pleasure.
to send out a beam of light, an electrical or radio signal, etc.
betray	2
to not be loyal to your country or a person, often by doing something harmful such as helping their enemies.
to show feelings, thoughts, or a particular characteristic without intending to.
binary	1
consisting of two of something.
campaign	2
a planned group of especially political, business, or military activities that are intended to achieve a particular  aim.
to organize a series of activities to try to achieve something.
candidate	1
a person who is competing to get a job or elected position.
captivate	1
to hold the attention of someone by being extremely interesting, exciting, pleasant, or attractive.
cease	1
to stop something.
cluster	1
a group of similar things that are close together, sometimes surrounding something.
combination	2
the mixture you get when two or more things are combined.
a set of letters or numbers in a particular order that can be used to open some types of locks.
command	2
an order, especially one given by a soldier.
an instruction to a computer to perform a particular action.
crinkle	1
to become covered in many small lines and folds, or to cause something to do this.
cunning	1
the quality or skill of being clever at planning something so you get what you want, especially by tricking other people.
cynic	1
a person who believes that people are only interested in themselves and are not sincere.
dagger	1
a short, pointed knife that is sharp on both sides, used especially in the past as a weapon.
deal	2
an agreement or an arrangement, especially in business.
a large amount.
decode	1
to discover the meaning of information given in a secret or complicated way.
deviation	2
a difference from what is usual or expected.
the difference between a particular number and the average or normal number.
dimple	1
a small hollow place, especially one that appears on a person's face when they smile.
discipline	2
the ability to control yourself or other people, even in difficult situations.
to teach someone to behave in a controlled way.
erase	1
to remove something, especially a pencil mark by rubbing it.
elastic	2
An elastic material is able to stretch and be returned to its original shape or size.
able or likely to be changed.
equal	3
the same in amount, number, or size.
the same in importance and deserving the same treatment.
to result in something.
follow	2
to move behind someone or something and go where he, she, or it goes.
to happen or come after something.
find	2
to discover, especially where a thing or person is, either unexpectedly or by searching, or to discover where to get or how to achieve something.
to think or feel a particular way about someone or something.
forgive	1
to stop blaming or being angry with someone for something that person has done, or not punish them for something.
face	1
the front of the head, where the eyes, nose, and mouth are.
ground	2
the surface of the earth.
an area of land used for a particular purpose or activity.
get	3
to take something into your possession, or have something happen that you accept or receive.
to become or start to be.
to cause something to be done or persuade someone to do something.
give	2
to offer something to someone, or to provide someone with something.
to pay someone a particular amount.
grow	3
to increase in size or amount, or to allow or encourage something to increase in size or to become more advanced or developed.
to provide a plant with the conditions it needs to develop, or to develop from a seed or small plant.
to develop gradually, or to start to do something gradually.
have	4
used with the past participle of other verbs to form the present perfect and past perfect.
to own.
to perform the action mentioned.
to receive, accept, or allow something to happen.
hero	3
a person who is admired for having done something very brave or having achieved something great.
the main male character in a book or film who is usually good.
someone who you admire very much.
horror	2
an extremely strong feeling of fear and shock, or the frightening and shocking character of something.
things that are very shocking or frightening.
hire	3
to pay to use something for a short period.
to employ someone or pay someone to do a particular job.
an arrangement to use something by paying for it.
hit	2
to move your hand or an object onto the surface of something so that it touches it, usually with force.
to touch something with sudden force.
