iconography	4
symbolic representation, especially the conventional meanings attached to an image or images.
subject matter in the visual arts, especially with reference to the conventions regarding the treatment of a subject in artistic representation.
the study or analysis of subject matter and its meaning in the visual arts; iconology.
a representation or a group of representations of a person, place, or thing, as a portrait or a collection of portraits.
idea	2
any conception existing in the mind as a result of mental understanding, awareness, or activity.
a groundless supposition; fantasy.
jab	3
a short, quick punch.
a poke with the end or point of something; a sharp, quick thrust.
to poke, or thrust abruptly or sharply, as with the end or point of a stick.
junior	4
younger (designating the younger of two men bearing the same full name, as a son named after his father; often written as Jr. or jr. following the name).
of more recent appointment or admission, as to an office or status; of lower rank or standing.
(in American universities, colleges, and schools) noting or pertaining to the class or year next below that of the senior.
being smaller than the usual size.
kill	4
to deprive of life in any manner; cause the death.
to destroy or neutralize the active qualities.
Informal. to overcome completely or with irresistible effect.
to cause (time) to be consumed with seeming rapidity or with a minimum of boredom, especially by engaging in some easy activity or amusement of passing interest.
Kumon	1
a method of teaching mathematics, reading, and languages in which students start at a level of work at which they have a firm grasp of facts and concepts and then, working at their own pace in an individualized study programme of problem-solving on worksheets, progress by small steps to more advanced levels of knowledge.
lost	4
no longer to be found.
not used to good purpose, as opportunities, time, or labor; wasted.
destroyed or ruined.
ending in or attended with defeat.
loverly	1
like, characteristic of, or in the manner of a lover; loverlike.
murder	3
Law. the killing of another human being under conditions specifically covered in law. In the U.S., special statutory definitions include murder committed with malice aforethought, characterized by deliberation or premeditation or occurring during the commission of another serious crime, as robbery or arson (first-degree murder) and murder by intent but without deliberation or premeditation (second-degree murder).
Slang. something extremely difficult or perilous.
a group or flock of crows.
mater	1
the backing holding the movable parts of an astrolabe.
nurse	6
a person formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or infirm.
a woman who has the general care of a child or children; dry nurse.
a woman employed to suckle an infant; wet nurse.
any fostering agency or influence.
Entomology. a worker that attends the young in a colony of social insects.
Billiards. the act of maintaining the position of billiard balls in preparation for a carom.
nuclear	3
pertaining to or involving atomic weapons.
operated or powered by atomic energy.
of, relating to, or forming a nucleus.
oil	3
any of a large class of substances typically unctuous, viscous, combustible, liquid at ordinary temperatures, and soluble in ether or alcohol but not in water: used for anointing, perfuming, lubricating, illuminating, heating, etc.
refined or crude petroleum.
an oilskin garment.
own	2
of, relating to, or belonging to oneself or itself (usually used after a possessive to emphasize the idea of ownership, interest, or relation conveyed by the possessive).
(used as an intensifier to indicate oneself as the sole agent of some activity or action, preceded by a possessive).
punch	3
to strike or hit in operating.
a thrusting blow, especially with the fist.
Baseball. to hit (the ball) with a short, chopping motion rather than with a full swing.
python	1
any of several Old World boa constrictors of the subfamily Pythoninae, often growing to a length of more than 20 feet (6 meters): the Indian python, Python molurus, is endangered.


