chore	1
a job or piece of work that is often boring or unpleasant but needs to be done regularly.
chastise	1
to criticize someone severely.
ceremony	1
formal acts, often fixed and traditional, performed on important social or religious occasions.
altitude	2
the height of anything above a given planetary reference plane, especially above sea level on earth.
(Geometrically)the perpendicular distance from the vertex of a figure to the side opposite the vertex.
anonymous	1
without any name acknowledged.
anthology	1
a book or other collection of selected writings by various authors, usually in the same literary form, of the same   period, or on the same subject.
approach	3
a way of considering or doing something.
to deal with something.
to come near or nearer to something or someone in space, time, quality, or amount.
arithmetic	1
the part of mathematics that involves the adding and multiplying, etc. of numbers.
authority	2
a group of people with official responsibility for a particular area of activity.
an expert on a subject.
backlog	1
a large number of things that you should have done before and must do now.
barrier	2
a gate in some railway stations through which you must go to get on a train.
anything that prevents people from being together or understanding each other.
beam	3
a line of light that shines from a bright object.
to smile with obvious pleasure.
to send out a beam of light, an electrical or radio signal, etc.
betray	2
to not be loyal to your country or a person, often by doing something harmful such as helping their enemies.
to show feelings, thoughts, or a particular characteristic without intending to.
binary	1
consisting of two of something.
campaign	2
a planned group of especially political, business, or military activities that are intended to achieve a particular  aim.
to organize a series of activities to try to achieve something.
candidate	1
a person who is competing to get a job or elected position.
captivate	1
to hold the attention of someone by being extremely interesting, exciting, pleasant, or attractive.
cease	1
to stop something.
cluster	1
a group of similar things that are close together, sometimes surrounding something.
combination	2
the mixture you get when two or more things are combined.
a set of letters or numbers in a particular order that can be used to open some types of locks.
command	2
an order, especially one given by a soldier.
an instruction to a computer to perform a particular action.
crinkle	1
to become covered in many small lines and folds, or to cause something to do this.
cunning	1
the quality or skill of being clever at planning something so you get what you want, especially by tricking other people.
cynic	1
a person who believes that people are only interested in themselves and are not sincere.
dagger	1
a short, pointed knife that is sharp on both sides, used especially in the past as a weapon.
deal	2
an agreement or an arrangement, especially in business.
a large amount.
decode	1
to discover the meaning of information given in a secret or complicated way.
deviation	2
a difference from what is usual or expected.
the difference between a particular number and the average or normal number.
dimple	1
a small hollow place, especially one that appears on a person's face when they smile.
discipline	2
the ability to control yourself or other people, even in difficult situations.
to teach someone to behave in a controlled way.
erase	1
to remove something, especially a pencil mark by rubbing it.
elastic	2
An elastic material is able to stretch and be returned to its original shape or size.
able or likely to be changed.
equal	3
the same in amount, number, or size.
the same in importance and deserving the same treatment.
to result in something.
follow	2
to move behind someone or something and go where he, she, or it goes.
to happen or come after something.
find	2
to discover, especially where a thing or person is, either unexpectedly or by searching, or to discover where to get or how to achieve something.
to think or feel a particular way about someone or something.
forgive	1
to stop blaming or being angry with someone for something that person has done, or not punish them for something.
face	1
the front of the head, where the eyes, nose, and mouth are.
ground	2
the surface of the earth.
an area of land used for a particular purpose or activity.
get	3
to take something into your possession, or have something happen that you accept or receive.
to become or start to be.
to cause something to be done or persuade someone to do something.
give	2
to offer something to someone, or to provide someone with something.
to pay someone a particular amount.
grow	3
to increase in size or amount, or to allow or encourage something to increase in size or to become more advanced or developed.
to provide a plant with the conditions it needs to develop, or to develop from a seed or small plant.
to develop gradually, or to start to do something gradually.
have	4
used with the past participle of other verbs to form the present perfect and past perfect.
to own.
to perform the action mentioned.
to receive, accept, or allow something to happen.
hero	3
a person who is admired for having done something very brave or having achieved something great.
the main male character in a book or film who is usually good.
someone who you admire very much.
horror	2
an extremely strong feeling of fear and shock, or the frightening and shocking character of something.
things that are very shocking or frightening.
hire	3
to pay to use something for a short period.
to employ someone or pay someone to do a particular job.
an arrangement to use something by paying for it.
hit	2
to move your hand or an object onto the surface of something so that it touches it, usually with force.
to touch something with sudden force.

